README.md, before:

# AWS ai playground
<!-- section: Introduction -->
<!-- Describe briefly what your software is. What problem does it solve? At what target audience is it aimed? -->
This is a collection of sample projects to illustrate AWS ai services. It includes samples for various services (including polly, comprehend and rekognition). You have to provide your own AWS credentials. See the `README.md` file of the respective packages.

## Overview
<!-- section: Overview -->
<!-- Give an architectural overview of your software. Is is interesting for other developers, who wants to catch on and want to developer features or fix bugs of your software. Do not go into too much detail. There are other documents for this. -->
Here is a list of available sample projects

* [AWS Polly](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/polly)
* [AWS Comprehend](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/comprehend)
* [AWS Rekognition](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/rekognition)
* [AWS Lex](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/lex)

## Contributing
<!-- section: Contributing -->
<!-- Describe what action one should take in order to contribute. Does a certain styleguide has to be adhered. How can one apply changes (i.e. push vs. pull request)? -->
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct.

## License
```
The MIT License (MIT)
=====================

Copyright © `2020` `NanoGiants GmbH`

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

```

Commit message:

Add introduction text to top level readme file

README.md, after:

# AWS ai playground
<!-- section: Introduction -->
<!-- Describe briefly what your software is. What problem does it solve? At what target audience is it aimed? -->
AI is popular field of research and is becoming available for the mass market in form of applications and services. Developers have to master skills, that are needed, to offer such services. In fact, AI is a often complicated and you usually have to study it for years to apply it an actual real world problem. Luckily there are already mature services out there, which do all the heavy lifting. Here we are looking into some AWS AI services for text to speech conversion, text comprehension, image and video recognition and conversational AI. All of them are usecases that require a lot of skill in a wide area of artificial intelligence and even more resources spent in order to produce valid results. With the high level API provided by AWS, all you need to know is how to interact with a RESTful JSON API.

This is a collection of sample projects to illustrate these services. You have to provide your own AWS credentials. See the `README.md` file of the respective packages for more information.

## Overview
<!-- section: Overview -->
<!-- Give an architectural overview of your software. Is is interesting for other developers, who wants to catch on and want to developer features or fix bugs of your software. Do not go into too much detail. There are other documents for this. -->
Here is a list of available sample projects

* [AWS Polly](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/polly)
* [AWS Comprehend](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/comprehend)
* [AWS Rekognition](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/rekognition)
* [AWS Lex](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground/blob/master/packages/lex)

## Contributing
<!-- section: Contributing -->
<!-- Describe what action one should take in order to contribute. Does a certain styleguide has to be adhered. How can one apply changes (i.e. push vs. pull request)? -->
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground](https://github.com/nanogiants/aws-ai-playground). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct.

## License
```
The MIT License (MIT)
=====================

Copyright © `2020` `NanoGiants GmbH`

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

```
